## Meetings
### 4/11/2025 12:30pm - 2:10pm 
- ***Frances and Dom attended***
- ***Updates***
  - <ins>Frances: </ins>
    - I set up the repo with foundational documents, slightly edited README, and created my seperate branch called "frances-branch." 
    - Next I'll work on my half of the requirements.
  - <ins>Dom: </ins>
    - Created a branch called "dom-branch", Slightly edited README
    - Next ill work on my half of the requirements. 
- ***Pair-programming/group-progress:***
    - We worked on setting up our work flow by having our local environments match GitHub repo and branches.    
    - We also talked about how to split up the work and how often we want to meet. 